The CODE OF HONOR is moral codes, ethics, values and rules to help restore, reform, re-plan, re-make, remold, re-

establish, and re-structure Africa on the right path of Peace, Justice and strong institution. This can be done by 

taking allegiance to the code of honor, whereby taking action and instilling the codes in every institutions.  
This code of honor is derived from 12 fundamental core values that re-establish the Africa to a glorious future.

THE 12 FUNDAMENTAL CORE VALUES FOR AFRICA CITIZEN
1.	UNCONDITIONAL LOVE
2.	HONESTY
3.	LOYALTY
4.	HUMILITY
5.	SELF-SACRIFICE
6.	RIGHTEOUSNESS
7.	HARMONY IN DIVERSITY
8.	COURTESY
9.	EXCELLENCE
10.	DELIGENCE
11.	EQUALITY OF OPPORTUNITY
12.	LIBERTY IN GOD.

The moral codes are buid from core values and ethics for the good for humanity. So for now we have Code of Honour 

for Student, Code of Honour for Citizen, Code of HOnour for Leaders. These codes are design to put Africa on the 

right paths of peace, progress, equality and prosperity.

Corruption is a form of dishonesty or criminal offense undertaken by a person or organization entrusted with a 

position of authority, to acquire illicit benefit or abuse power for one's private gain. Corruption may include 

many activities including bribery and embezzlement, though it may also involve practices that are legal in many 

countries.  Corruption is lack of integrity or honesty (especially susceptibility to bribery); use of a position of 

trust for dishonest gain. Corruption is simply also moral perversion; impairment of virtue and moral principles.

CAUSES OF CORRUPTION AND BRIBERY
•	 Greed of money, desires.
•	Higher levels of market and political monopolization
•	Low levels of democracy, weak civil participation and low political transparency
•	Higher levels of bureaucracy and inefficient administrative structures
•	Low press freedom
•	Low economic freedom
•	Large ethnic divisions and high levels of in-group favoritism
•	Gender inequality
•	Resource wealth
•	Poverty
•	Political instability
•	Weak property rights
•	Contagion from corrupt neighboring countries
•	Low levels of education
•	Lack of commitment to society
•	Extravagant family
•	Lack of ethics and values system in place
•	Lack of Financial Accountability
•	Lack of watchdog

SOLUTIONS
1.	Significantly reduce all forms of violence and related death rates everywhere.
2.	End abuse, exploitation, trafficking and all forms of violence against and torture of children.
3.	Promote the rule of law at the national and international levels and ensure equal access to justice for 

all.
4.	By 2030, significantly reduce illicit financial and arms flows, strengthen the recovery and return of 

stolen assets and combat all forms of organized crime.
5.	Substantially reduce corruption and bribery in all their forms.
6.	Develop effective, accountable and transparent institutions at all levels.
7.	Ensure responsive, inclusive, participatory and representative decision-making at all levels.
8.	Broaden and strengthen the participation of developing countries in the institutions of global governance.
9.	By 2030, provide legal identity for all, including birth registration.
10.	Ensure public access to information and protect fundamental freedoms, in accordance with national 

legislation and international agreements.
11.	Strengthen relevant national institutions, including through international cooperation, for building 

capacity at all levels, in particular in developing countries, to prevent violence and combat terrorism and crime.
12.	Promote and enforce non-discriminatory laws and policies for sustainable development.
“We need shared values and ethics, they are vital
for the proper functioning of the economic,
political and social network and, therefore, for
the well-being and development of the potential
of every Africa citizen”

SOLUTION TAKEN
Broaden and strengthen the participation of developing countries in the institutions of global governance.
Ethics is the core of globalization. Africa has failed to revolutionize it values that encourages globalization and 

economic growth, peace and tranquility. In order for Africa to be re-established, there is need for fundamental 

core values that builds every institution on the right path. Ethics is applied in the following areas: ethics in a 

global world; ethics in science and technology; ethics, development, poverty and the environment; ethics in 

business; and, finally, ethics in finance. None of these areas is more important than the others. In fact, and this 

is probably not surprising, there are many interconnections between them. We decided that the book should start 

with a survey of some of the major “global” ethical questions of our time, because globalization in all its many 

forms (economic, social, political and cultural…) is undoubtedly contributing in a decisive manner to shaping the 

world in which we live today. Globalization confronts us with a multiplicity of new phenomena, for the management 

of which we shall have to provide an ethical response. Formulating a coherent response is particularly difficult 

because, although the world is increasingly global, it is certainly not more uniform.

People and social and national groups are faced with this phenomenon from the perspective of mental schemas and 

views of the world that are very different, forming part of very different cultures. Nevertheless, the answers to 

these questions raised by globalization will be fundamental for global stability and prosperity in the future. Hans 

Küng starts this section with a global ethical scheme for the guidance of economic activity in the form of a 

“Manifesto for a Global Economic Ethic.” It is not a conceptual document or a vague declaration of good intentions, 

but rather a collection of tenets based on moral values shared by all cultures and sanctioned by practice over the 

course of the centuries. It constitutes a valuable document for essential reflection by all readers on the 

principles that would enable globalization to lead to sustained and sustainable growth and improvement of the 

well-being of the people of the world. In any event, the drawing up and effective application of commonly-accepted 

ethical criteria to manage this global world require an improvement in global governance and the institutions that 

administer it. Mervyn Frost, in his article “Ethics and Global Governance,” proposes a scheme for evaluating the 

more-or-less ethical nature of these mechanisms and institutions, based on reciprocal acknowledgement of the norms, 

duties, rights and freedoms of the participants in all areas of global governance.
Today, more and more people realize that the global economic and financial crisis also concerns common ethical 

values and standards. One might argue: do we not have laws which just need to be enforced? Sure, solutions to this 

crisis require all the provisions of the law. But laws are not enough. As you know, the political will to fight 

greed, fraud, corruption and self-aggrandizement is often weak because it is not supported by an ethical will. Laws 

without morality cannot endure, and no legal provision can be implemented without moral consciousness based on some 

elementary ethical standards. But is this not just an issue of individual morality? Not at all, it is also an issue 

of corporate morality and concerns the global market economy as a whole. Hence my first reflection: The failure of 

markets, institutions and morality calls for an ethical framework.

“Laws without morality cannot endure, and no legal
Provision can be implemented without moral
Consciousness based on some elementary ethical
Standards”
