1. Dream of a better future, whereby striving to love all, care for all and solve community problem through skill and knowledge gotten.
2. Don't fear failure, take the next step and solve problems facing the community. Think critically, innovate and make an impact on your generation. Take a risk and fear not what others may say or think within your environment, but with your strength, determination, persistence and love for all you will make it.
3. Having the heart of love, compassion and honesty to use ideas gotten from an in-depth understanding of life and knowledge of different fields with skills and experience to solve problems and adding value to life.
4. Seek no knowledge and skills to harm people or the community rather seek knowledge and skills to add value to people in the community, whereby doing good and helping others through your knowledge.
5. Go for excellence in knowledge, get an idea to solve a problem, create a solution or innovate a product, then seek the skill and practical knowledge to implement the solution. There is always a unique idea for every student. Think!!!
6. Go the extra mile, the extra time, the extra work, the extra understanding, and the extra research. The extra thinking, the extra brainstorming, the extra reading, to produce outstanding, unique and distinct performance and result.
7. Seeking knowledge and skills to save humanity without having a part to save yourself. Could be detrimental and painstakingly. Entrepreneur solves the problem, create values and also make a living from their impact. Make room for others and yourself.
8. The student should honour their teacher by respecting, believing and obeying their instructions. It a true saying the one you accept as true, changes your thinking and belief. While the one you accept as false, also change your thinking and belief. In essence, If you accept your teacher, you accept and retain the knowledge and skill imparting in you, but if you do not accept your teacher, you will not retain the knowledge and skill imparted to you so accept him and excel.
9. To predict the future is to create it but you cannot predict what you do not have control of. If the solution to a problem cannot be controlled then you cannot predict the outcome of the effect whether good or bad. Seek knowledge and skill on what you can create and predict the future effect or outcome. Don't go into an experiment that you cannot predict the outcome; it can turn out endangering your life and other people life. Stay safe and create what you can predict.
10. Not being proud and cunning in having success, rather sacrificially living to help others and solving problems facing the nation.
11. The first step to become an achiever, you must believe that you can be what you say you can be. Believe in your desire, and believe you can be conceived can be received, it only matter of time.
12. No great idea, a great dream, great desire come out from nothing. It was produced with a stamp from super being. Every good thought comes from God. So honour God and thank him.
13. A student should learn to innovate, solve the problem, transform, and reform and rebuild the nation for peace, unity and prosperity.
