1. Dream for a better future, being positive despite challenges and obstacles because love given to us by God can heal our lands by working in power of love, whereby going about touching lives and solving problems.
2. Fear nothing, take the smart risk, help others, save others and live for others, fear torment hinders and destroy destiny. Fear belongs to the devil, while love and power to express love with a sound thought belongs to God.
3. Citizens should not be self-centered, whereby seeking knowledge and wealth to care for themselves only, rather they should make room for others and not seek knowledge to harm others, rather help others in the community of society.
4. For every generation, there is a leader whom God has appointed to rule the people to proclaim righteousness, judgment, serving humanity sacrificially and restoring peace, Joy and prosperity. In whom has wisdom, knowledge and leadership skill to guide the people and serve the people? As such the people should seek God with all their heart and God will show them his choice.
5. When we love one another in all sincerity we have God, and we believe in his son the perfect example of his love which we follow, make us live forever
6. When we love one another sacrificially with all sincerity, we have God in us, we live by his grace that makes as perfect in love, whereby living forever in others and beyond
7. Every citizen should respect, honour and believe in their chosen leader, not speaking against or condemning them, rather pray for them.
8. We shouldn't exhaust ourselves by accepting the praise of men, for what good we have done and love will have rendered, rather stay humble and give all the glory back to God.
9. You don't love for the mere season, love in all place, in all ways and at all time, that the way to change the world. Leaving no place for fear, hate and death.
10. What we keep on practising, will keep on being established. Let pass the torch of love to the next generation, whereby living in love now and forever. 
11. Love leads where others can't go, ready to sacrifice and help others, he is not afraid to be called a servant of all. Love is real, practical and touching. Love is ready to learn, re-learn and understand.
12. Love does not fail if all will fail, it persists and long to help others, despite ridicule and shame. Love is sacrificing ones benefit for others relieving the oppressed and seeking justice for the poor.
13. The perfection of love is to do good at all time, at all place, and in all ways.
14. Love is not conditional, love does not die, it lives in us forever, love is not physically touched, but he is present with us.
15. If there is no sacrifice, there is no freedom of love, peace, Joy and prosperity in the land. We must sacrifice for the good of others so that rather than millions to die, one should die for all. Live a life of sacrifice, and live on millions. There are an honour and blessing for those who pay the prize for all.
16. A citizen must love his fellow citizens with all his heart
17. Citizens must stand for a true cause to protect, preserve and promote peace, love, justice and unity in the land
18. A citizen should honour heroes, their impact and legacy should be preserved.
19. Every citizen must keep the law of the land.
20. A citizen should in no right talk against the leaders, whether it be good or bad. If you have any disapproval, go to the leader and sought it out, if not able, go to the court of law. If it doesn't please you in the court of law go to God.
21. A citizen should preserve a culture that promotes peace, peace, love, justice and unity in the land.
22. A Citizen should trust is a fellow citizen, forgiving one another, forbearing one another and loving one another. 
23. A citizen should show others the way to build the nation in peace, unity, Justice and love.
24. A citizen should be meek, hardworking dutiful to solve the problem facing his people, sacrificing his own gain, ambition, to solve his people problems by his talent, gift and profession.
25. A citizen should depart and hate evil, corruption, pride and arrogance. Rather seek the good of others by defending the truth, stopping lawbreakers and exposing secret law offenders
26. A citizen should relieve is another citizen who are under affliction, oppression, or disasters by giving, helping and praying for them.
27. A citizen should not hate, oppress and deceive his fellow citizens, for we are one family.
28. A citizen should not be impartial voting their leaders, not by being rich or poor, but by honour, love and sacrifice for the people.
29. A citizen should be compassionate about his brother and sister wellbeing. If it takes till the ground to plant, restore and provide basic needs to the less privileged and poor.
30. The best way to settle a conflict of ideas is by dialogue and sobriety.
31. A citizen should not do anything that will endanger, destroy the lives and property of his brother and sisters.
32. A citizen should not retaliate by destroying property or killing his brother for any cause whether he was the offender or not, rather settle it by the law or seek counsel from elders and security Agencies.
