CODE OF HONOUR ASSESMENT
PERSONAL ASSESSMENT
1.	When you are faced with the opinion of doing what’s right and all objection of doing what’s wrong is looking impossible. Will you let go so to be free from any consequence?
2.	Will you hold unto core moral values no matter any challenge or consequence?
3.	Do you agree that honesty and integrity is a thing of the past; it is no more relevant in the world?
4.	If I am fortunate to get an opportunity today that made me rich, will you agree that such a reward of hard work and diligence is what made me? 
5.	Do you agree that having money is the most important in life?
6.	Do you agree with “everyone is born to succeed and not to be a slave to the others”
7.	Do you accept the fact that nothing is possible to change without an action?
8.	Do you accept the fact that you are who you are by what was passed on to you?
9.	Do you accept the fact that being poor means being deprived of one’s right?
10.	Do you agree that everyone should be loved despite religion, ethnic, social status, personal achievement?

COMMUNITY ASSESSMENT 
1.	Do you contribute financially to help develop your community?
2.	Do you volunteer your time to help develop your community?
3.	Do you share relief materials to your community in times of hardship?
4.	Do you attend regular community development meeting?
5.	Do you abide with regulations that guide or influence behavior in a community?
6.	Do you support any changes and do you work with others in community development
7.	Do you take action that supports community development despite protocols delaying
8.	Do you support community development if administration roles are not put in place?
9.	Do you support community development if unclear terms and corrupt practice are found among the leaders or elders in the community?
10.	Do you provide services that are beneficiary to your community?



HISTORICAL ASSESSMENT
1.	The first civilized country in the world Egypt had Leadership problems due to failure to transcend from a Traditional leadership model to a Servant Leadership model.
2.	Do you accept the fact that Africa was punished due to the long year’s generation curse, as a result of harsh climate?
3.	Do you believe that Africa failed to develop due to failed leadership?
4.	Do you agree on the adaptation of the Africa people within their environment to fortress peace, progress and equality?
5.	Do you agree that different ethnic group is the root cause of failed leadership in Africa
6.	Do you agree that Africa not having an exact record of history could have caused improvised and stagnant economy progression?
7.	Do you agree that our colonials made us worse than before?
8.	In ten years from now, how will you predict Africa future if Africa fails to rebuild Africa values?
9.	Do you agree that the way forward in Africa reformation lies in instilling core moral values in all institution?
10.	Do you agree that poverty is the cause of corruption, hatred and illegal emigration in Africa?

LEADERSHIP ASSESSMENT 
1.	Do you agree that Leadership is not techniques, a style or the acquisition of skills, but a manifestation of codes of value?
2.	Do you agree that true leaders influence their environments more than their environments influence them?
3.	Some people believe that leaders are born, so when they discover they are born to lead, they must also understand that they are born to serve.
4.	Do you agree that Leadership is the capacity to influence others through inspiration motivated by a passion, generated by a vision produced by a conviction, ignited by a purpose?
5.	Do you agree there is a need for new leadership thinking and a new vision of organizations that place service to others over self-interest and self-promotion?
6.	Do you agree that Leadership is both an aptitude and an attitude? No matter how much intellectual ability you have if you don’t have the right attitudes, your ability doesn’t mean anything.
7.	Do you agree that a true leader is always conscious that he is not a law unto himself but should uphold established laws and treat others with respects as people made in the image and likeness of the creator?
8.	Do you agree that Africa needs leaders that are rooted in our most ethical and moral teachings, leaders that work because it is based on how people need to be treated, motivated and led?
9.	Do you agree that true leadership is not controlled or manipulation of others, but it is other people’s willful submission of their authority to yours, motivated by inspiration?
10.	Do you agree that true leaders are leaders who love their followers more than they love their goals and objectives?

LOGICAL ASSESSMENT
1.	People say African is corrupt because of failed leadership; Africa failed to revolutionize their cultural values to modern values. Did you agree or disagree?
2.	Do you agree that African being the first civilized continent failed to accept the modern model of life introduced by the western world, a model of self-sacrifice for the good of others rather than the traditional model, a model of traditional sacrifice or rituals?
3.	Do you agree that the first humans evolved from Africa?
4.	Do you agree that the only solutions to Africa problems are a change of how Africa thinks, revolutionize the mindset to accept and practice core values that shape progress?
5.	Do you agree that Africa failure to teach the younger generation on core values and peace education had caused the stagnation of peace and progress in the major institution in Africa?
6.	Do you agree that the white race is more intelligent than the black race due to how white race think as seen in their advancement in the economy and good standard of living?
7.	Do you agree that if Africa government supports economic freedom in their policies, this will aid peace, progress and prosperity?
8.	Do you agree that Africa being physically strong is emotionally weak due to lack of understanding of humanity?
9.	Do you believe that Africa is where they are today due to little knowledge of where they came from, that is no fact of written records of their past genealogies?
10.	Do you agree that God hates Africa that while we are black and mostly poor in the economy?

