1. Not being partial in judgment while ruling or leading. Treat all fairly, because the rich and poor come from God. Treat all equally, Judge all equally, and serve all equally. 
2. A heart of compassion, love for all and understanding of the law, rights and truth in the ruling, judging and leading the people.
3. A visionary leader will have an understanding of the people their way of life and have the fear of God, fear of the people in doing what is right by the law.
4. Like poles attract, a leader should have a team who have the same vision, values and are reputable in character. Men of wisdom and understanding, who are willing to serve the people, and add value to the people they govern and lead.
5. A leader must have the fear of God to do justly with the people he governs not being bias or partial among tribes, but treat all with understanding and do no evil and also fight against evil, corruption and wickedness.
6. Don't be corrupt by selling out your virtues for position, money and fame. Rather seek wisdom from in-depth knowledge from research done with a proper understanding of the people you are leading and their needs and desires. Don't be lawless and corrupt to sell the people voices for personal gain.
7. The leader should honour the serving time as by the law, no leader should exercise power over the law, whereby extending is time, because of every leader for every season and every season for every purpose and vision. If you kick against the season and extend your rule, you work against nature and the law. Visions are seasonal. Be visionary, be seasonal. Work with your time. 
8. Service to humanity without the self-consciousness of ones wellbeing could lead to a loss. Live to serve others and save yourself from evil, corruption, sickness and death.
9. What you cannot control, you cannot predict. Everything is made by God, and there are powers controlling it. Put all your knowledge, wisdom and understanding in God, he will guide you to lead the people and fulfil your vision and purpose.
10. A leader must be passionate and truthful to accomplish his pledge and confession during his inauguration or as promised to the people he governs.
11. A leader must be passionate and determine to pursue the set goals during his inauguration or as promised to the people he rules.
12. A leader must be sinless from the law of the land before he or she is capable of becoming an elected leader. If found guilty, he or she must make a remission, a reconciliation to the people he wants to serve.
13. A leader must practically have served the people in his community before he can prove of serving a bigger community. Leadership is not by qualification as in certificate, it is by honour.
14. A leader must be teachable, open to ideas and living in his words and doing his words.
15. A leader is not above the law of the land, the people made the law, the leader must obey the law and oversee that others are obeying the law.
16. A leader is known for his good works in the community, where he lives. Who are you in your community?
17. Leadership is not by being able to communicate, convince, influence and coordinate people. Leadership is being able to lay down one's ambition, self-interest for the sake of the people and sacrificially help the people.
18. A leader must not oppress the poor, in other to please the rich rather a leader must be fair to all people by the law of the land in the fear of God.
19. Leadership is not by mere words of wisdom or knowledge, but by action and doing what is good for the people.
20. A leader should have insight and a good understanding of the people, their history, their pains and their needs.
21. A leader must have a good and devoted team that has a passion for achieving the set goals. However, if any member of the team is found not abiding by the rules of conduct, then he or she should be disciplined and sanction by the law.
22. A leader must set an example for others. A leader is like a mirror his followers are watching. If you fail to correct what others do within your reach, then your followers will treat their servants the same likewise. So leaders should do the right thing.
23. A leader must be ready to preserve all odds to prove his legacy to his followers.
24. A leader will only be remembered on sacrificial life done for the people, despite no gain, popularity or recognition.
25. A leader should not rage blame on past leaders for the present challenge in leading the people. The leader should be recognized and accept the challenge to turn problems into an opportunity for the people.
26. Leaders are made by reputation; they live by their words and do not stagger by other men's work.
27. Leaders are problem solvers. Turning the problem into opportunities by developing strategies in solving the problem
28. A leader is made by what he accomplishes, the opposition he faces while fulfilling his goals and the courage with which he has maintained in struggling against overwhelming odds.
