UNCONDITIONAL LOVE
Unconditional love is known as affection without any limitations, or love without conditions. This term is sometimes associated with other terms such as true altruism or complete love. Each area of expertise has a certain way of describing unconditional love, but most will agree that it is that type of love which has no bounds and is unchanging.
Some authors make a distinction between unconditional love and conditional love. In conditional love, love is 'earned' on the basis of conscious or unconscious conditions being met by the lover, whereas in unconditional love, love is "given freely" to the loved one "no matter what". Loving is primary. Conditional love requires some kind of finite exchange, whereas unconditional love is seen as infinite and measureless.
Unconditional love should not be confused with unconditional dedication: unconditional dedication or "duty" refers to an act of the will irrespective of feelings (e.g. a person may consider they have a duty to stay with someone); unconditional love is an act of the feelings irrespective of will.
Unconditional love separates the individual from her or his behaviors. However, the individual may exhibit behaviors that are unacceptable in a particular situation.
Part of the problem with unconditional love in relationships is the lack of understanding of what it means. Most of us will think of a parent's love for a child, or a child's love for a parent, as unconditional love. This type of love depends on nothing other than the familial bond and doesn't break down based on what the child or parent does—at least in an ideal scenario.
In the purest sense, unconditional love is about caring about the happiness of another person without any concern for how it benefits you. Research tells us that the parts of the brain that light up during unconditional love are similar to those involved in romantic love and maternal love, and are linked to the brain's reward system. This suggests that unconditional love may be rewarding without receiving anything in return.


Honesty
 is a facet of moral character that connotes positive and virtuous attributes such as integrity, truthfulness, straightforwardness, including straightforwardness of conduct, along with the absence of lying, cheating, theft, etc. Honesty also involves being trustworthy, loyal, fair, and sincere. Honesty is the quality or fact of being honest; uprightness and fairness to oneself and others. It is also truthfulness, sincerity, or frankness. Honesty is freedom from deceit or fraud.
Honesty is going to take you places in life that you never could have dreamed and it’s the easiest thing you can practice in order to be happy, successful and fulfilled. Honesty is part of the foundation of my core values and principles. Honesty cuts through deception and knifes its way through deceit and lies. Honesty leads to a fulfilling, free life.
Honesty is not just about telling the truth. It’s about being real with yourself and others about who you are, what you want and what you need to live your most authentic life. Honesty promotes openness, empowers us and enables us to develop consistency in how we present the facts. Honesty sharpens our perception and allows us to observe everything around us with clarity.
As an author and executive coach, I work with leaders that need to focus on honesty first with themselves, and in how they deal with people.

Loyalty
Loyalty, in general use, is a devotion and faithfulness to a nation, cause, philosophy, country,
group, or person Philosophers disagree on what can be an object of loyalty, as some argue that
loyalty is strictly interpersonal and only another human being can be the object of loyalty. The
definition of loyalty in law and political science is the fidelity of an individual to a nation, either
one's nation of birth, or one's declared home nation by oath (naturalization). The state or
quality of being loyal; faithfulness to commitments or obligations. Faithful
adherence to a sovereign, government, leader, cause, etc. an example or
instance of faithfulness, adherence, or the like:
Loyalty is an important component of any business. Not only do you need loyal employees who care about your business, but you also need loyal customers to keep your business thriving into the future. On a more personal level, loyalty stands for commitment and dedication to another allowing respect and trust to flourish. Loyalty is important in both business and our personal lives.

HUMILITY
Humility is the quality of being humble. Dictionary definitions accentuate humility as a low self-regard and sense of unworthiness. In a religious context humility can mean recognition of self in relation to a deity (i.e. God) or deities, and subsequent submission to said deity as a member of that religion. Outside of a religious context, humility is defined as being "unsolved", a liberation from consciousness of self, and a form of temperance that is neither having pride (or haughtiness) nor indulging in self-deprecation. 
Humility is an outward expression of an appropriate inner, or self regard, and is contrasted with humiliation which is an imposition, often external, of shame upon a person. Humility may be misappropriated as ability to suffer humiliation through self-denouncements which in itself remains focused on self rather than low self-focus.
Humility, in various interpretations, is widely seen as a virtue which centers on low self-preoccupation, or unwillingness to put oneself forward, so it is in many religious and philosophical traditions, it contrasts with narcissism, hubris and other forms of pride and is an idealistic and rare intrinsic construct that has an extrinsic side.
Humility is the quality of being humble and means putting the needs of another person before your own, and thinking of others before yourself. It also means not drawing attention to yourself, and it can mean acknowledging that you are not always right.

Self-Sacrifice 
Self-sacrifice is the new model of humanity where which one has to lay down his or her life for the good of others. No more animal sacrifice, but a sacrifice of self for the good of others. Your talent, gift, knowledge, wisdom and opportunity could be lain down for others to have it. Human’s life expansion won’t be possible if mothers couldn’t bear the pain for 9months to give birth to their young ones. They go through pain to produce new offspring. When it comes to the point of doing what right, sometimes it takes self-sacrifice to do right so that others can learn and follow. The sacrifice of someone today, we save millions of people tomorrow from going through that same pain and suffering. One can help solve problem that millions have perished with, it only takes sacrificing and paying the price and graciously, you become a hero for others. 

Righteousness
Righteousness is the quality or state of being morally correct and justifiable.  It can be considered synonymous with "rightness" or being "upright". The justification is made according to the conformity of behavior with the regulation (or constitution, in the context of a nation).
In its deeper spiritual meaning, righteousness is the quality of being right in the eyes of God, including character (nature), conscience (attitude), conduct (action), and command (word). Righteousness is, therefore, based upon God’s standard because He is the ultimate Lawgiver The laws of nature, such as gravity, motion, energy conservation, etc. are originated by the Creator and reveal that the God of the universe is the God of order. The laws of God, however, do not only comprise the laws of nature. The laws of God are demonstrated in His righteousness, which regulates the God-human relationship as the foundation of the relationship between humans and their neighbors. 
Righteousness is a God-centered attribute: no man can attain it through his own efforts apart from His ordinance. We, humans, are inclined to follow our own paths and use our own ways, instead of God’s. (Notice that this selfish desire for the independence from God is in our nature, we need nobody to teach us that, but we always need discipline to remain faithful in the path of God). In comparison to God’s righteousness, our righteous deeds are “nothing but filthy rags”.
But here is the good news: righteousness is not being legalistic — it is not about our achievements in “God’s school of law.” 

Harmony in Diversity
Harmony in diversity is used as an expression of harmony and unity between dissimilar individuals or groups. It is a concept of "unity without uniformity and diversity without fragmentation  that shifts focus from unity based on a mere tolerance of physical, cultural, linguistic, social, religious, political, ideological and/or psychological differences towards a more complex unity based on an understanding that difference enriches human interactions. The idea and related phrase is very old and dates back to ancient times in both Western and Eastern Old World cultures. It has applications in many fields, including ecology, cosmology, philosophy, religion and politics.
Harmony in diversity helps to solve ethnic rival problems within group of people, by accepting each other’s uniqueness and working together to support peace and progress.
Courtesy
Courtesy is to be polite and have good manners. It is to be considerate of others and to have gracious ways. It is a way of acting with people which makes them feel valued, cared for, and respected. Courtesy is something people use when they are trying to make a good impression. It’s important to show courtesy with friends and relatives, not just people we are meeting for the first time. “Please,” “Thank you,” “Excuse me,” and “You’re welcome” are not just words. They are courteous expressions which let people know you appreciate them and care about their feelings. Being courteous by not interrupting someone while they are speaking tells them that what they are saying is just as important as what you have to say. Being polite to your parents, elders, and teachers is especially important. It shows them that you respect them.
Courtesy means being polite and treating others with equal respect as you would treat yourself. The common question is, where has courtesy gone in our society? Courtesy and manners go hand-in-hand as courtesy means putting good manner into practice. Showing consideration and good manners brings out a feeling of worth which being courteous entails. The problem with common courtesy is that it is easily forgotten by people. So little effort is required to be courteous; actually, it takes less effort and energy to be courteous than to be brusque. Everyone wants to be acknowledged and appreciated. To be able to achieve that, you need to be courteous towards people if you desire the same treatment for yourself. Even in situations where you have authority over some people and you need to tell them what to do, you must not exert a negative authority over them. It is more pleasant to ask them in a courteous way. Bosses who treat their subordinates with courtesy always have a much loyal and productive staff. Common courtesy centres on the realization that there are people around us who also share the environment with us. Showing courtesy shows the kind of upbringing which we had. Small courtesies will take a person further in life than expected. Courtesy shows politeness, it costs nothing but pays well. No one is too big or busy to practise courtesy. Courtesy is nothing, something that will require a specific training. But it could be a warm smile or a simple acknowledgement like “thank you” or “I am sorry” when you go wrong. Courtesy is one of the little things that make a huge difference in life. A courteous person that has no wealth is more likeable than one who is wealthy and is not courteous. Courtesy is very important in life because when you are courteous people have a good impression of you and respect automatically follows, instead of hatred. Learning to have courtesy is a must for everyone who desires to make progress in life. Courtesy is a small investment that pays off well and big. Most times we allow our emotions overtake us, we seem not to care about how others feel about us. We are only bothered about what we want and how we feel. Being kind-hearted and humble goes hand-in-hand with being courteous. Appreciating everything that someone does to you will only be achieved if you are humble and courteous and not always trying to find fault in everything and everyone. Being courteous does not have to be towards only those you are familiar with but also to people whom you do not know; being courteous towards strangers is even more pleasing and fulfilling. There are times in our lives when you are courteous, yet people react negatively. Do not allow the negativity of others to change how you act. Courteous people are more pleasant to be with and they tend to be happier and content with life. Courtesy costs nothing but buys a lot. Have you noticed that by just being courteous, many brilliant and talented people would have been successful in life, but have destroyed that chance by losing grip of one of the simplest and most noble virtues in the world?  There is every reason to be courteous and no justification for rudeness. Treat other people with respect and dignity. Eric Hoffer says, “Rudeness is the weak man’s imitation of strength.” So, it is in your own best interest to always at all time exhibit courtesy in all you do and forge ahead in life. Take this as a courtesy call every one of us.

Excellence
“Excellence is doing ordinary things extraordinarily well” — John W Gardiner
Excellence is a talent or quality which is unusually good and so surpasses ordinary standards. It is also used as a standard of performance as measured. Most people want to do the best they can. But when is near enough good enough and perfect too much.
There is a difference between striving for excellence and striving for perfection. Striving for excellence can really motivate and inspire you while striving for perfection can be demoralizing.
"But I thought perfect was good," I hear you say. Not always. The dictionary definition of excellence is "to surpass", it is "the quality of being outstanding or extremely good". So when you strive for excellence you are always looking at where you are and how you get a little bit better. On the other hand when you strive for perfection you are aiming at something that is so good that it cannot get any better and the risk is that you will never get there.
Striving for excellence can really motivate and inspire you while striving for perfection can be demoralizing. 
Psychologically there is also a big difference. Let us take a brief detour into how the mind deals with the differences between excellence and perfection. One of the basic principles of positive psychology is that we should always look at both sides of the coin. When something happens that we consider being bad, we should look at how we can use it for good, how it serves us to get where we want to go.
Research tells us that as we focus our thoughts on something, we fire neural networks in the brain, which are strengthened the more we focus on those thoughts to the point where they become firm beliefs. We also tend to notice things around us that are congruent with the thoughts and beliefs we have and the things that are important to us, which become evidence supporting our thoughts and beliefs.
So what does that have to do with excellence and perfection? If excellence is about continuously improving, doing the best you can and looking for ways that you can build on that to be that little bit better day by day, then your focus when you are striving for excellence is on all the things you are already doing well.
If you want to provide excellent customer service or be an excellent boss, you need to look at what you are already doing that works really well and work out what you can do next, now, today to make it that little bit better.
Excellence is a daily, never-ending journey. That means that the majority of your focus is on the things that are working really well and on the next thing you can do, which is within your reach. That can be incredibly motivating and inspiring because we all have an innate need to do better, to excel.
On the other hand, if you are striving for perfection, your focus is long-term and on the things that are missing between where you are now and the point of perfection, that is the point at which it cannot get any better.
That can be demoralising because you are not gradually building on all the things that are working well now, you are focusing on a wide chasm that can seem impossible to jump over. You will never get there. There will always be something that can be improved.
From a business perspective, it is also important that we don't get dragged into the pursuit of perfection. By its nature, striving for perfection is a long term pursuit. The world is changing so rapidly that if you wait until everything is perfect, your competitor will be way ahead of you and your customer has probably gone somewhere else. When you strive for excellence, your customers will enjoy the results of your continued improvement every day.
Strive for perfection and you are at risk of getting dragged down by the thought that you will never get there. Strive for excellence and every day you will see the results of your pursuits as you focus on the incremental improvement you have achieved.
Diligence
Diligence is one of the seven heavenly virtues. Diligent behavior is indicative of a work ethic – a belief that work is good in itself. Diligence is carefulness and persistent effort or work. Diligence is persevering determination to perform a task.
Being diligent is an essential skill in all aspects of life. It involves being able to focus and concentrate persistently to achieve the completion of the task at hand. By maintaining focus and self-discipline and by practicing self-care, you can be diligent in your work and accomplish your goals, whether personal, professional or academic. 
The word diligent means 'to cut or sharpen'. It describes a worker who's sharp, decisive and keen. He or she wants to work, make a difference and contribute to their families and to society. Life 'owes' you nothing except an opportunity to succeed. And you'll have to work for that success.
EQUALITY OF OPPORTUNITY
Equality of opportunity is a political ideal that is opposed to caste hierarchy but not to hierarchy per se. The background assumption is that a society contains a hierarchy of more and less desirable, superior and inferior positions. Or there may be several such hierarchies. In a caste society, the assignment of individuals to places in the social hierarchy is fixed by birth. The child acquires the social status of his or her parents at least if their union is socially sanctioned. Social mobility may be possible in a caste society, but the process whereby one is admitted to a different level of the hierarchy is open only to some individuals depending on their initial ascriptive social status. In contrast, when equality of opportunity prevails, the assignment of individuals to places in the social hierarchy is determined by some form of competitive process, and all members of society are eligible to compete on equal terms. Different conceptions of equality of opportunity construe this idea of competing on equal terms variously.

Chances for advancement should be open to everybody interested such that they have "an equal chance to compete within the framework of goals and the structure of rules established". The idea is to remove arbitrariness from the selection process and base it on some "pre-agreed basis of fairness, with the assessment process being related to the type of position” and emphasizing procedural and legal means. Individuals should succeed or fail based on their own efforts and not extraneous circumstances such as having well-connected parents. It is opposed to nepotism and plays a role in whether a social structure is seen as legitimate. The concept is applicable in areas of public life in which benefits are earned and received such as employment and education, although it can apply to many other areas as well. Equal opportunity is central to the concept of meritocracy.
Formal equality of opportunity requires that positions and posts that confer superior advantages should be open to all applicants. Applications are assessed on their merits, and the applicant deemed most qualified according to appropriate criteria is offered the position. Alternatively, applicants are winnowed by fair competition, and the winner or winners get the superior advantages.
Formal equality of opportunity might obtain in a variety of social settings. As defined here, this ideal does not presuppose that the production and distribution of goods and services are organized through a market economy with private ownership. For example, an autocratic society, in which economic life is organized by the commands of the autocrat, could satisfy equality of opportunity to this extent: the post of autocrat is open to all applicants, and selection is determined by the fitness of applicants for autocratic performance as indicated by the comparative merits of their applications. Moreover, the autocrat might organize economic life and distribute economic rewards by fair competitions. A communist society, in which political, social, and economic privileges accrue to communist party members, might conceivably be run in such a way that communist party membership is determined by competitive examination. If the examination were set so that the person who earns a top score is the best qualified for the post of party membership, and that person is offered party membership, formal equality of opportunity would be satisfied.
The ideal of formal equality of opportunity is associated with the liberation of economic practices and institutions from guild privileges and restrictions and with the development of competitive market economies. The slogan “careers open to talents” expresses the aspiration to establish a world where government posts go to the most qualified and economic opportunities may be seized by anyone independently of whether or not one's parents are of noble blood or cronies of the king. The ideal is opposed to nepotism, the distribution of what should be public offices to one's relatives and friends just because they are near and dear to the distributor and quite independently of their fitness for the post. In this entry for the most part the terms “formal equality of opportunity” and “careers open to talents” are used interchangeably to denote the same ideal.
A market economy conforms to formal equality of opportunity only if jobs offered by business firms are publicized in advance, so that anyone who might want to apply has a reasonable opportunity to do so. In this setting formal equality of opportunity also requires that applications from anyone are accepted, applications are judged on their merits, and the most qualified according to criteria that are relevant to job performance are offered positions. (A variant practice in which only current employees of a firm are eligible to apply to higher-level jobs might be deemed to satisfy equal opportunity provided entry-level jobs in the firm are open to all applicants.) In addition, equal opportunity in a market setting requires that the lending of money for investment purposes by banks should proceed by accepting applications from any interested party and deciding who should get loans according to the expected profit of lending to one rather than another of the various applicants. Equality of opportunity also requires that the access of economic firms to investment and operating capital by borrowing money through sales of bonds and through sales of shares in the ownership of the enterprise (stocks) should occur through processes that give all firms and economic agents the same opportunities for gain.
More generally, equality of opportunity in the market setting requires that firms and individuals deal with one another impartially as opportunities for gain. When formal equality of opportunity is satisfied in a market setting, each participant regards all others as potential partners for interaction and selects partners for a deal or a venture according to the extent to which interaction with those particular individuals or firms promises to further one's morally innocent economic goals. An alternative formulation would have it that when a market economy satisfies formal equality of opportunity, each market agent selects partners for interaction according to the extent to which interaction with those particular individuals or firms would further one's legally permitted goals.
The ideal of formal equality of opportunity has limited scope. Its sphere of application is public life, not private life. Where to draw this line between public and private for this purpose is itself an unsettled and controversial issue. Certainly decisions about whom to invite to be a dinner guest, whom to regard as a potential date or marriage partner, whom to cultivate with a view to forming a personal friendship are not decisions that fall within the sphere of equality of opportunity. This is not to deny that such decisions can be made in a way that reflects wrongful prejudice. This surely happens, and is morally criticizable. But equality of opportunity as normally understood is a norm that regulates a political and civil society, a common life in which all members participate, rather than every aspect of the conduct of individual lives. However, this scope restriction is open to challenge.


Liberty in God
Liberty in God is having the right of choice to do what seems good according to God’s will for humans, liberty to do good, create, love, inspire, reproduce and empower. Liberty in God understands that God wants human to be free of any yoke that will hinder man to flourish. God is love, so freedom to love as God love us. God is righteous, freedom to be righteous as God is righteous. God is good, freedom to do well and fight for the good of others. God is rich and prospered, freedom to prosper and be in good health.  God is a Spirit, freedom to walk by the Spirit and do well to others.
