Code of Honour is a vision to help put an end to depravity, poverty, corruption and death in Africa. This came as a result of moral decadence in Africa. Code of Honour is to instil core moral values into every aspect of life and institutions, whereby every citizen of African will live in harmony, peace, love, justice, equality and prosperity.
We know the situation present in most African countries, as such there is a need not just only empowering the people with resources that meet their needs; but also instilling core moral values that change their thought, as a result, change Africa. Africa has been known for moral decadence, poverty, corruption and evil. However, this can only be changed when African people change their thought and reconsider their ways and turn around to do the right thing. This will bring transformation, reformation and eventually produce equality, peace and prosperity.
Code of Honour is created to raise men of honour in all aspect of life. Whereby we go out and impart the codes through education reformation, community reformation and leadership reformation. Nations that have peace, unity, equality and justice have core moral values in place, right from their foundation. As such no nation can advance if these core values are misplaced. Hence, Africa must be transformed, reformed and save from corruption, poverty and death.
Our impact will be felt in all aspects of life in African nations, majorly reforming education, not just educating only but also instilling core values that shape a nation. We will work with Educationist, to restructure their teaching approach and teaching resources to instal the code of hour, as they impart to the student. If this core moral value is taught not just as mere words, but practically illustrated and imparted into the student day to day activities. There will be a new generation of students who have changed their thought, as a result, change their world.
Enough of leaders being corrupt, whereby they cause havoc and influence young leaders with a bad attitude. We know this attitude will be transferred to the younger generation of leaders in that manner of their past leaders. This bad transition must stop, a new approach, a new thought, a new reformation, a new understanding, a new reformation will spring forth in every Education institution and in another aspect of life in African nations.
No nation can progress if the thought of the people living is self-centeredness, no sacrifice to help others, or see the good of others or rather sacrificially serving the people. That nation will end up in jeopardy. Most times, we have heard of leaders of African nation being corrupt, this has not just resurrected shortly, this has been seen from history that African leaders have been corrupt. Looking at days during the slave trade, African leaders were self-centred, deciding to sell their brothers and sisters for the exchange of material things which we know cause some to die and some to be separated from their parent for life. As such slave mentality among our leaders still strife in African nations, which we know has caused poverty, death and hatred among the people.
Code of honour will help to address these past failures and evil. It will also break the inheritance of evil from generation to generation, as such destroying and hindering peace and prosperity.
There a lot to say on the strong impact that will be felt by instilling the code of honour in all aspect of life in Africa nations.
Let together join hands and put a stop to poverty, corruption and death in African whereby personally and collectively changing our thought, as such changing our world. Africa will be saved. 
